Remove legacy validation (#4551)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_geal_remove_legacy_validation.md

### Remove legacy validation ([PR #4551](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4551))

> GraphQL query validation was initially performed by the query planner, which resulted in some performance issues. We designed a new validation process using ApolloCompiler from the apollo-rs project, that runs earlier in the request handling pipeline, at the router service level instead of the supergraph service.
> That validtion system has been running in production for months concurrently with the Javascript version, to detect any discrepancy between their behaviors. This built enough confidence in the new implementation that we are now entirely moving to it and removing the Javascript validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GraphQL query validation was initially performed by the query planner in JavaScript, which caused some performance issues. Here, we are introducing a new Rust-based validation process using `apollo-compiler` from the `apollo-rs` project.

This new validation process has been running in production for months concurrently with the JavaScript version, allowing us to detect and fix any discrepancies in the new implementation. We now have enough confidence in the new Rust-based validation to entirely switch off the less performant, JavaScript validation.
```
